Use GitHub forms for issues (#15320)
nvaccess/nvda: projectDocs/issues/githubIssueTemplateExplanationAndExamples.md

If you are not familiar, please take some time to learn about [Github markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).
* In multi-line edit boxes, consider swapping to the preview tab in order to read through the details and confirm the formatting reads as expected.

## Attachments / Images

It's important to include any files that are required to reproduce an issue.
This might be a required file for an office suite, or a link to a code playground such as CodePen or JSFiddle, or perhaps a standalone HTML file.
Github does not allow all [file types to be attached](https://help.github.com/articles/file-attachments-on-issues-and-pull-requests/), however, zip files are allowed, so you can always zip your file and attach that instead.

### Logs

In most cases an NVDA log file is incredibly helpful when trying to understand/fix an issue, please remember to attach one.
More [instructions are available on the wiki](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/wiki/LogFilesAndCrashDumps).
If you are getting a crash dump file (nvda_crash.dmp) please also include it.

### Screenshots

> While we welcome **images/screenshots** to help explain a problem, be aware that many of the developers of NVDA are blind and will greatly appreciate this image being described in text.

Reviewer: Still recently, we have seen new reporters opening issues with screenshots and only few or no description of the images provided.
IMO, this precision is still needed.

> While we welcome **images/screenshots** to help explain a problem, be aware that many of the developers of NVDA are blind and will greatly appreciate this image being described in text.

Reviewer 2: I was more questioning if we need to justify the requirement for alt text. But point taken.

# Creating new issues on the NVDA project

> This page is meant to serve as an explanation for how to fill out our [GitHub issues](https://github.com/nvaccess/addon-datastore/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page is meant to serve as an explanation for how to fill out our [GitHub issues](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/issues/new/choose).

```
